Welcome to interview question number one for product design and metrics.
So let's go ahead and give you the following case study in 2011 Facebook launched messenger as a standalone
app for mobile devices.
And it used to be only part of the Facebook app.
And basically what messenger is it's the part of Facebook where you can send direct messages to other
users or other friends on Facebook.
And in 2011 they basically launched that as a separate application.
So the question is how would you track the performance of this new application this separate messenger
application that's been separated from the main Facebook app.
And what kind of metrics would you use.
All right.
Best of luck.
Again remember there's no 100 percent correct solution to this.
It's just the general thought process and a conversation.